here's three ways you can heal from an
injury guys I'm okay step one you don't
want to go crazy but as soon as you're
able to you want to start moving even if
it's only a tiny bit of movement the
muscle activation helps with blood flow
which is an integral part of healing
step two most people say rice which
means rest ice compress Elevate but the
guy who made rice back in 2015 changed
his mind cuz he said it might actually
slow healing rather than speed it up
it's not that rice or any other method
is inherently good or bad for you you
just want to do the things that get you
moving sooner and three moving the
injury at first is probably not going to
feel that great but as long as it
doesn't hurt it I would give it a try
you don't want to push through pain as
if you're making out with it but give it
a little kiss from time to
time oh so for lack of a better term
walk it off but please talk to a doctor
if it doesn't get better stay flexy